Proposal for network address translation support (#50)
AMWA-TV/nmos-network-control: docs/3.0. Data Model.md

Note that if there are multiple IP addresses associated with a single physical endpoint then it must be modelled as multiple virtual endpoints each with a unique IP address.

### Network Flow

The client registering the Network Flow is responsible for providing a persistent, unique `id`.
If the client does not have a suitable value, the `multicast_address` and `sender_endpoint_id` parameters together may be used to generate one.

### Network Device

The network controller reporting the Network Device is responsible for providing a persistent, unique `id`.
If the network controller does not have a suitable value, the `chassis_id` parameter may be used to generate one.

### Network Link

The network controller reporting the Network Link is responsible for providing a persistent, unique `id`.
If the network controller does not have a suitable value, the `chassis_id` and `port_id` of the `peers` may be used to generate one.

### Network Address Translation policy

The client registering the Network Address Translation policy is responsible for providing a persistent, unique `id`.

> If the network controller does not have a suitable value, a random (version 4) UUID may be used.

Author: ```suggestion
If the client does not have a suitable value, a random (version 4) UUID may be used.
```
